# Jamihl Braimah's Resume
### Description
Hello! My name is Jamihl Braimah and my resume is attached to this github space. The resume will provide a concentrated breakdown of my experience, skillsets, and a few of the notable highlights within my academic career. Although my major is Energy Engineering, with my ENTI minor (Entrepreneurship and Innovation), I have discover a new found interest focused in business specifically in entrepreneurship and intrapreneurship. 
* With my engineering background, I have had experience with Visual Studios coding in C++, Python using Jupyter, Matlab and Mathematica to create mathematical models from understanding the temperature, pressure, and volume effects of the carnot cycle to creating histograms with large sets of wind data to create a wind assessment of specified site. I have also had experience with NI Multisim creating an simulation of the 1965 Thunderbird tail lights and how they function.
* With my business background, I have worked in teams acting as a consultant for startup companies such as ChuteLaundry and WavLength to assess their business models, potential competition, their points of leverage, and how they can better reiterate themsleves to be a more prominent force. Along this study, I was able to begin my own startup called Miliano Et Compagnie, a clothing brand that promotes unity among humanity by breakdown the many layers of prejudice. Currently, the brand is in the process of curating a special line of hats that will prevent hat hair and protect individuals with natural hair. 
I look forward in expanding my knowledge in both the tech and business management sectors and I believe my skill sets will help accelerate any goals Microsoft looks to accomplish.
